Add some sanity checks (#1195)
moderntribe/tribe-common: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= [TBD] TBD =

> * Fix - Add some sanity checks to `is_editing_post` to ensure we don't throw notices in some edge cases [122334]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Add some sanity checks to `is_editing_post` to ensure we don't show PHP error notices in some edge cases [122334]
```
